{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Selena Vargas
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Team 2 Cloud 9 Link\

\b0 \
	https://ide.c9.io/johnkunkle/wdd-work-stuff\
\

\b Team 2 Website \

\b0 \
	http://kjrohr.github.io/final/index.html#\
\

\b Selena Vargas Component Library\

\b0 \
	http://smvargas787.github.io/WSP-2.5/index.html\
\
During the time with my team, I enjoyed every minute working with them. My team has taught me so much to how it is to team up together and use everyone\'92s strength to build one great operating, hard worked, website together. During the building of our project I put my highest strength into the work by using my news feed component from my library and incorporating it to our team website to list out our concerns, issues, and suggestions on the class\'92s curriculum as a whole. Of course having some help by my teammates came in handy deeply when it came to adjusting the layout of the articles. Considering my math isn\'92t so great towards certain areas my team really helped to understanding how calc works a little more when it came to my articles not wanting to have a space between each other. I attempted using margins and positions a lot through it but in the end \'93width: calc(50% - 10px);\'94 was the real solution to my problem. When it came to my own library, I talked about working more on my CSS because I have a bad habit of using margins and positioning to fix all my problems but that habit was actually helped out more by team cause I used my clutch again on our website but they taught me how to get out of that habit. On my library components for my articles I used positioning and width, on my articles for my team website I gathered help to use positioning and calc which was great to redirect myself into. I\'92m super proud of my team\'92s website as I am with mine as I gathered more knowledge about my specific ones I struggled with in the beginning of the month with articles, max-width, margining, and calc. It was a great experience and now I loved every bit of it. \
\
\
\
\
}